Renaissance Learning Science Data Challenge
===========================================

In Learning Science and Educational Data Mining, we often look for
student time-on-task (ToT) to better understand the content usage
patterns, to make better assessment and predictions about student
performance, for reporting, and for other uses. In the domain of
online educational software, ToT is an elusive metric. Many things may
be happening between the moment when the software assigned an activity
to a student, and the moment when it registered that the student
finished the activity: students may be working in class or at home,
they may be leasurely practicing or being under strict time
constraints. Students may take breaks or get distracted. Other factors
may come into play like imperfect network connection or different
technology used by different students. The list continues. Very often
a learning scientist has to work with incomplete and imperfect ToT
data.

Nonetheless, we often need estimates of ToT. And that is where your
challenge begins. You received a data file with begin and end times
for different students doing the same problem, and how they were
scored. Using this dataset, develop an algorithm for estimating
student ToT for similar problems and use cases. Explain your
methodology, include supporting evidence and arguments, and apply your
algorithm to estimate ToT for the problem in this dataset.

Attached file: tot_data.tgz

Good luck!